As of right now, what we've done is we've hard coded
our array of contacts in the state of our app component.
Now, this has been great for learning purposes,
but it's not really realistic.
Odds are these contacts would be living
inside of a database somewhere and in order to get them,
you'd need to make an API request.
So, that's what we're going to do in this video.
If you remember, one of the files that was given to you was the contacts API file.
And one of the methods that we are exporting from this file is the getALL method,
which is going to make a fetch request
to our contacts API and it's going to return a promise.
And when that promise resolves,
we will have all of the contacts.
So, what we will do, first,
is let's import everything from that module as
contacts API and it's going to come from utils/ContactsAPI,
and then now we're going to get rid of all of our default state here.
We'll add a lifecycle method called componentDidMount.
So, when this component mounts,
what we want to do is we will call ContactsAPI.getAll,
that's going to return us a promise that when it resolves,
the function we passed out then we'll be passed the contacts.
And then once we have the contacts in order to update our state,
all we need to do as we've seen a few times now,
it's called this.setState, returning an object with the brand new contacts.
So, now, when our app reloads,
instead of all of these contacts living and originating from our local component state,
what we're doing is we are fetching those contacts from a remote server,
and then once we get back that response,
we update our local state which then we'll update the UI.